hello welcome everyone to Guardians team
up issue number eight I will crush your
host shawn jackson ok so this issue is
detailing the team of Silver Surfer and
Groot and this comic does not have a
single piece of dialogue until the end
of it anyway so Groot and Silver Surfer
they find a ship coming in through a
wormhole and this ship is actually being
destroyed so they rush in and they try
to save as many lives as they possibly
can and group actually finds like a much
larger group inside that ship and it's
just been in prison it's chained up it
looks actually it looks horrible
honestly like the it's facial expression
is just it's grotesque really it's just
like honestly it's a bit shocking um but
yeah group he gets really upset about
that he actually like the thing is
actually dead but he sets it free anyway
and silver surfers on the outside is
showing anyone that's attacking the ship
and group makes it outside of trying to
save as many people as you possibly can
put at in the end they were too late to
save all the people and that's where the
comic ends its honestly very interesting
that this entire comic had no piece of
dialogue until the very very end it just
I I honestly really loved it because the
story was told through visual you don't
need any piece of dialogue you don't
need constant like talking or anything
like that you don't need any funny
moments between Silver Surfer and grew
going oh I am Groot and then some
surface like what you know like we don't
need any of that it just tell a story
through the visuals and
it was amazing actually it came out
really really really well so I give this
comic in 8.5 out of 10 how they work and
meet you guys go out and get it and what
you guys think about the comic positive
negative comments in the section below
I'm Sean Jackson have a great day thank
you for watching the comic book review
guys and if you are a fan of comic books
you might want to check out the service
called comic bento for as little as
seventeen dollars and fifty cents a
month you can actually get a whole crepe
filled with comics from Marvel to DC to
image to idw it's all here so if you're
interested check the link in the
description below and let us know what
you think about some of the monthly
comics that you're gonna get